- window - who give this super power -> JS Engine
- If we want the super power of react from where we get -> we get it from React Library
- we get this through CDN 
    - This gives access to React, ReactDOM
- props is just like attribute it can be anything
-To make this project as Production ready we need to minify, potimization, bundle the thing, remove the console.
---
- Bundler 
    -

- webpack - webpack is one of the bundler
- vite, parcel, webpack this bunders are responsible for lot of superpower
-in this project we will be using the parcel.

- in the create react app they use webpack as a bundler.

- Read about bundlers

- parcel is a package. If we need oackage in the project we need the package manager. So we will be needing npm package manger there is other also such as yarn but we are using NPM.

- NPM is not Node package manager there is no officail name of NPM.

- How do you use npm in your app
- npm init -y 
- -y will skip most of the thing
- we get `package.json` after doing npm init.
- packgae.json is the configuration that npm needed to run itself.
- It manages the packages
- our react app can not be react by just injecting react we needed lot of packages. Its like maven for UI.
- react app is power by lot of thing for that we need the helper package to manage that we needed npm

- Now we have to install a parceel in our project so we install that with the help of npm
- `npm install` to install anything.
- npm install parcel (by this parcel will get into the production machine but we dont want that for that we use -D flag)
- npm install -D parcel
- - D means Dev dependancy
- npm install --save-dev parcel is the same as npm install -D parcel
- Dependancy means all the packages that our project need.
- parcel is one of such dependnecy

- after installing parcel we get `package-lock.json` in our file.

- Read : ^ and ~ differnce in packgae.json
- ^ will work for minor version upgarde
- ~ work for major version update

- package-lock.json tell us which exact version we are using for our project

- imp -> never put package-lock.json in the .gitignore
- package-lock.json- > also maintains the hash to get exactlty same thing on the production. It maintains the integrity since it has hash

- `node_modules` also get created here when we insatll the parcel
- whenver we install anything it get install inside the node_modules. Its like a database of our npm.
- node module is so heavy.
- we never have to put node modules in the git.

- we can create whole node modules if we have package.json and package-lock.json . package-lock.json conatins all the things which are required to create a node module.

- we usually dont use CDN to use react.
    - Since if we get new version of react at that time we have to manually change the CDN link
    - also this CDN is coming from a server so if this same thing is come from our node module which is a local to project then that will be fater than the CDN.

- react come as a package also
- to install react
- npm install react  ( we are not using -D here since we want this globally)
- now we are install react-dom
- npm i react-dom (npm i is same as npm install)

----
- Now we will be igniting our app
- npx parcel index.html (npx means execute using npm and index.html is the starting point)

- parcel is giving us the localhost server

-never touch node modules and package-lock.json

- our script tag type should be module since module can export and import

- when we do any changes and save it get sutomatically reflect on the localhost server this thing is known as `HOT module reload` HMR and parcel gives us this thing.
- How does parcel know there is change in the file 
- so there is a file watcher alogorithm which watches everything this is written in c++ it is very fast it told the server to reload whnever there is change in the file.

- whatever the thing parcel does it uses files present in the .parcel-cache folder 

-dist :
    - 
### parcel

- HMR (HOT Module Replacement)
- File watcher algorithm
- bundling
- minify
- cleaning code tree
- Image Optimization
- catching while development
- compactible with older browser
- parcel also givehe functionality to use https (npx parcel index.html --https)
- consistane hashing algoriths
 - parcel is a zero config 


- we should put parcle-cache in .gitignore
 
- Anything which is autogenerated or we can genertae on server  we put that inside gitignore file.

- `Transitive Dependencies` - Dependany tree ( dependancy depending upon other and that dependancy depend upon other is ie known as "transitive dependancy")

- Read the Parcel documentation

- How to make our application compactible with older versions of browser for this we use browserlist module .

- browserlist.dev its a website to know which versions are used by people.

- we configure this in package.json.




